[EXAMPLE] Add example to load another BPMN diagram in the same container on double click on a call activity (#108)
process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-examples: README.md

### basic examples

- [Getting started](examples/01-getting-started/README.md) - the simplest way to integrate `bpmn-visualization` in an HTML page
- [Load local BPMN diagrams](examples/load-local-bpmn-diagrams/README.md) - load BPMN diagrams stored on your local device

> - [Load remote BPMN diagrams](examples/load-remote-bpmn-diagrams/README.md) - load BPMN diagrams from the [bpmn-miwg-test-suite GitHub repository](https://github.com/bpmn-miwg/bpmn-miwg-test-suite)

Reviewer: :warning: not related to this PR, probably more in #109

They are mainly hacks to let you see what will be later available in a more integrated way. Extensibility features will
be progressively added to `bpmn-visualization`. See the [`Extensions` Milestone](https://github.com/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-js/milestone/13).

- [Custom user task icon](./examples/custom-user-task-icon/README.md) - use your own icon
- [Custom colors](examples/custom-colors/README.md) - custom defaults, specific to BPMN element types

> - [Custom fonts](examples/custom-fonts/README.md) - custom defaults, specific to BPMN element types

Reviewer: :warning: not related to this PR, probably more in #109

- [Hacktoberfest themes](examples/hacktoberfest-diagram/README.md) - special Hacktoberfest diagram with Hacktoberfest colors

#### interaction examples

- [Open a call activity from a main BPMN Diagram on a modal](examples/interaction/call-activity-with-modal-on-mouse-over/README.md) - interact with a diagram to open the details of a Call Activity on a modal
- [Open a call activity from a main BPMN Diagram on a tab (of the page)](examples/interaction/call-activity-with-tabs-on-click/README.md) - interact with a diagram to open the details of a Call Activity in a tab (of the page)

> - [Open a call activity from a main BPMN Diagram on the same container](./examples/interaction/call-activity-with-reload-on-dblclick/README.md) - interacted with a diagram to load the details of a Call Activity on the same container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Open a call activity from a main BPMN Diagram on the same container](./examples/interaction/call-activity-with-reload-on-dblclick/README.md) - interact with a diagram to load the details of a Call Activity in the same container
```

#### miscellaneous examples

> - [Compare `bpmn-visualization` with `bpmn-js`](./examples/misc/compare-with-bpmn-js/README.md) - compare the libraries on BPMN elements rendering, navigation and API usage

Reviewer: :warning: not related to this PR, probably more in #109

### `bpmn-visualization` usage in projects

> - [Typescript + rollup](examples/projects/typescript-vanilla-with-rollup/README.md) - integration in a Vanilla Typescript rollup project

Reviewer: :warning: not related to this PR, probably more in #109
